[MUSIC]
Welcome to Machine learning.
What is machine learning?
You probably use it many times
a day without even knowing it.
Anytime you want to find out something
like how do I make a sushi roll?
You can do a web search on Google,
Bing or Baidu to find out.
And that works so well because their
machine learning software has figured out
how to rank web pages.
Or when you upload pictures
to Instagram or Snapchat and
think to yourself, I want to tag my
friends so they can see their pictures.
Well these apps can recognize your friends
in your pictures and label them as well.
That's also machine learning.
Or if you've just finished watching
a Star Wars movie on the video
streaming service and you think what
other similar movies can I watch?
Well the streaming service will likely use
machine learning to recommend something
that you might like.
Each time you use voice to text on
your phone to write a text message.
>> Hey Andrew, how's it going?
>> Or tell your phone.
Hey Siri play a song by Rihanna,
or ask your other phone okay Google
show me Indian restaurants near me.
That's also machine learning.
Each time you receive an email titled,
Congratulations!
You've won a million dollars.
Well maybe you're rich, congratulations.
Or more likely your email service
will probably flag it as spam.
That too is an application
of machine learning.
Beyond consumer applications that
you might use, AI is also rapidly
making its way into big companies and
into industrial applications.
For example, I'm deeply concerned about
climate change, and I'm glad to see
that machine learning is already hoping to
optimize wind turbine power generation.
Or in healthcare,
is starting to make its way into hospitals
to help doctors make accurate diagnosis.
Or recently at Landing AI have
been doing a lot of work,
putting computer vision into factories
to help inspect if something coming
off the assembly line has any defects.
That's machine learning,
it's the science of getting computers to
learn without being explicitly programmed.
In this course,
you learn about machine learning and
get to implement machine learning and
code yourself.
Millions of others have taken
the earlier version of this course,
which is of course,
that led to the founding of Coursera.
And many learners ended up building
exciting machine learning systems or
even pursuing very
successful careers in AI.
I'm excited that you're
on this journey with me.
Welcome and let's get started.